== Land Boards, LLC - Kicad Utilities ==

KiCAD utilities are kept here.
KiCAD is short on support utilities, but the file format is wide open.

* [https://github.com/douggilliland/lb-boards/tree/master/KiCAD/utilities/fixKiMods fixKiMods] - Fixes KiCAD PCB Module files
* [https://github.com/douggilliland/lb-boards/tree/master/KiCAD/utilities/fixKiSymbol fixKiSymbol] - Fixes KiCAD Schematic symbol files
* [https://github.com/douggilliland/lb-boards/tree/master/KiCAD/utilities/kiCompNL KiCompNL] - Compare two KiCad netlists
* [https://github.com/douggilliland/lb-boards/tree/master/KiCAD/utilities/kiListPads KiListPads] - Parse a KiCad module file and generates a list of unique pads per part
* [https://github.com/douggilliland/lb-boards/tree/master/KiCAD/utilities/kiPL kiPL] - Parts list processing for KiCAD
* [https://github.com/douggilliland/lb-boards/tree/master/KiCAD/utilities/mergeKiLibs mergeKiLibs] - Merge together two schematic libraries and deal with duplicates
* [https://github.com/douggilliland/lb-boards/tree/master/KiCAD/utilities/mergeKiMods mergeKiMods] - Merge together two PCB module libraries and deal with duplicates
* [https://github.com/douggilliland/lb-boards/tree/master/KiCAD/utilities/padSolver padsolver.py] - Create a footprint from the drawing of the pads of a part
* [https://github.com/douggilliland/lb-boards/tree/master/KiCAD/utilities/PcbDraw PcbDraw.py] - Create a 2D drawing from a Kicad PCB file
* [https://github.com/douggilliland/lb-boards/tree/master/KiCAD/utilities/pyCompFiles pyCompFiles.py] - Compare two ASCII files and tell you if they are different
* [https://github.com/douggilliland/lb-boards/tree/master/KiCAD/utilities/pyKiBackannSchem pyKiBackannSchem.py] - Back annotate a Kicad schematic from a PCB file

=== Retired Utilities ===

* OSH Script - convert KiCAD default file names into OSH Park preferred name and zip up.

=== Resources ===

* [http://land-boards.com/content/ land-boards.com website]
* [http://land-boards.com/blwiki/index.php Land Boards circuit cards]

== Ownership ==

* Some of these files (particularly libraries) were created by others.
** There may be newer versions of these libraries "out there".
** Some libraries even have the same names but don't work the same.
* Many of these files were created by us based on the work of others.

=== Warning ===

* Use at your own risk.
** If you brick your part or it melt to a puddle, it's on you not us.

